I
Shooting
an opportunity an opportunity
once I am a jet
hey you hear normal is a bat
kid
how was your thing
I am I am lima and I am where better
elevator and I'm up very down in
row
Lima is no longer the climate
you lebanon
girls boys who passes man
the barrel has not worked either is
a sister bad idea
saw
what a late
where álex was planned
come go weak
he has good love himself male
above
and I do not
and send other
come on uncle are you counting and someone has
dead and tell me you really are worth
I want to say nothing but someone has fallen
I can not believe it
you have to come
to the withdrawal
it smells bad and he walks do not wait for you
return the knife
and shadows
in fact it is behind you to the right
on the terrace
or almost
for all the
the correlation that I was doing it from
hanger to me that does not put this is
in
yes
and sometimes